hey guys welcome to my channel today
we're going to talk about 23 words that
are widely used here in the United
States that might confuse people who are
coming here from abroad so if you're
interested continue watching this video
by the way if you are an English native
speaker watching from a different
english-speaking country please let me
know down in the comments below which
word confused you the most I'm a little
confused the first word is an appetizer
and this is the way Americans call the
first course of a meal so for example an
appetizer would be a bruschetta or a
small salad or maybe some olives
appetizer number two first floor is
actually the ground floor so if you're
coming from the UK first floor is the
first floor of the building the first
floor and then the second floor is
called the second floor well in the UK
the ground floor is the first floor and
then the first floor is the second floor
so it's a little mixed up but again in
America it's very straightforward the
first floor is the first floor of the
building
number three is something that I'm still
confused about is that the letter said I
would say said because they taught us
that way at school it's actually
pronounced Z in America it's Z so it's Z
instead of a said oh really
Z number for our sneakers and I don't
mean it chocolate I actually mean
running shoes the sneakers sneakers in
America your sneakers
yeah zip code is a five digit number in
your address which can be called postal
code somewhere outside the US but we oh
my god I consider myself American I've
only been here two years but I love this
country so we use a zip code I'll tell
you a little secret about zip codes
touch base and touch base means to catch
up let's touch base in a week which
means let's talk again in a week
like touch base heads-up to give
somebody a heads up is to inform
somebody in advance I'm gonna give you a
heads up when I'm in New York so we can
meet up and grab coffee whatever heads
up
it's a heads up one-on-one means basics
I want to learn coding 101 that means I
want to learn the basics of coding 101
101 South jonesing is a slang word for
craving I'm jonesing for a Coca Cola
which means I really really really want
to get a glass of coca-cola right now
ramen profitable another term that I
learned here in Silicon Valley when
startups say they are profitable the
investors would be like are you like
profitable profitable or ramen
profitable ramen profitable means that
the founders of the startup on the eat
ramen means they don't really pay
themselves salary and this is why the
company's profitable but technically if
they would have paid themselves a normal
salary the company wouldn't make a lot
of money so ramen profitable I was young
living on ramen I needed the money the
next word is mostly used in California
so in America a road would be called a
highway but in California we call it
freeway though sometimes it's not free
you need to pay it all but it's called
freeway freeway what the hell's a
freeway hella means a lot very
[Music]
this word is hella popular which means
this word is really popular and I am
hella smart another thing which is very
specific to America is called Amber
Alert
Booton Amber Alert when I arrived in the
u.s. I like within two weeks my phone
started making this very loud and
alerting sounds and it said Amber Alert
watch for a car blah blah blah this is a
region-wide notification system when a
child goes missing Amber Alert
Holly white it's very important to find
the child within the next 24 hours so an
Amber Alert was created which
automatically notifies all of the
devices in a selected region so that
people can watch for a potential guy or
girl who stole a child and the term is
Amber Alert dirt ground beef when I
first saw the word ground on a package
of a beef I thought maybe this is like a
very good beef that walks on a ground
like on the field not on a factory eats
organic food but no ground beef means
processed beef like when you have this
in British its minced beef when you can
make like different meat balls etc so
this is ground beef it doesn't have to
do anything with beefs quality it's just
the waste processed grade-a ground beef
howdy this means how do you do mostly
from southern states all right if you
watch The Office which is currently my
favorite TV show I'm on the season nine
right now and they have this founder of
the company who's from Tallahassee and
she would always walk into the office
and say howdy not me how do you do ah
which part another term that you would
probably not encounter in other cultures
in America when you receive packages
from like Amazon or whatever if you're
in your private house they would just
drop the packages on the porch
and there is some people who just walk
around and look for packages and just
take them and those guys are called
porch pirates porch pirates is what they
call them so they basically just steal
packages from your house sit on porch
upscale something that is upscale is
targeting high income people like this
chop
is upscale Louie Vuitton is an upscale
shop for seasons is an upscale hotel
scale boutiques vacay is an informal for
vacation holiday I'm taking a vacay in
Mexico for the next three days I wish
I'm not how was your Temecula vacay
y'all another word that I've learned
from the office y'all see TV shows are
so helpful in learning all of the idioms
and stuff because when you hear them in
real life you wouldn't really stop a
person and ask him to repeat and then
look the word up in the dictionary you
would normally just ignore it when
you're watching a TV show and you
encounter a word that is not familiar to
you just stop a TV show and google it
and this is the way you learn so y'all
is you all I all coming to the party
okay y'all the next two words a freshman
and so forth so freshman is a student
who started his first year at a
university or college freshman so for
more if somebody would just started
their second year at a college or high
school sophomore right and the next word
is college when you ask an American when
you go to college they would answer
which university they went to college so
college means an educational institution
where you got either your bachelor's or
associate of master's degree so where do
you go to college I did my bachelor's at
Stanford and I did my masters at Harvard
and last but not the least dodgy I hear
Americans use this word a lot when they
talk about like some areas in San
Francisco that a dodgy probably have
higher crime rates a lot of homeless
people dodgy area which means it's a
little dangerous and shady
oh yeah yeah that is dodgy that was it
from you guys thank you so much watching
this video again I'm waiting for your
comments please let me know which word
was the most surprising for me the most
surprising word and actually the word
that makes a lot of sense is ramen
profitable probably because I'm in
Silicon Valley and I'm talking to a lot
of founders my ramen profitable is
genius I use it all the time now looking
forward to reading your comments and
thank you so much for watching and don't
forget to subscribe to this channel I
will see you soon in the next vlog right